Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-deleteOne.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::deleteOne()
================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Delete a single document matching filter criteria using `MongoDB\Collection::deleteOne()` with options for collation, hint, and write concern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Delete a single document matching a filter criteria with the MongoDB PHP Library with options for collation, hint, and write concern.
```
